User/v jandrew/clarify xbox support (#2187)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/winui2.md

This environment variable must be set prior to `CoreWebView2` creation, which occurs when the [WebView2.Source property](/windows/winui/api/microsoft.ui.xaml.controls.webview2.source) is initially set or the [WebView2.EnsureCoreWebView2Async method](/windows/winui/api/microsoft.ui.xaml.controls.webview2.ensurecorewebview2async) is initially called.

> #### Xbox, HoloLens, and XAML limitations

Author: fixed

> This version of WebView 2 will only work on PC-class devices, offering the full range of capability found in the WinUI 3 variant. Xbox, HoloLens, and XAML Island support require quite a bit of additional work. These devices/scenarios may be considered at a future point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of WebView 2 will only work on PC-class devices, offering the full range of capability found in the WinUI 3 variant. Xbox, HoloLens, and XAML Island support requires additional work, and these devices and scenarios may be considered at a future point in time.
```
